=== Part 1 ===

1. make a directory called first
    mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder
    cd first

3. create a file called person.txt
    touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt
    mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
    cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file
    rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
    cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder
    rm -rf second




=== Part 2 ===

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
    The "man" command is used to learn more about a terminal command. Scroll by pressing "Enter" or by doing CTRL D or CTRL B. Press "Q" to quit.


2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
    The -ls is used to show a long listing format that shows more details of the files. The -a shows hidden files


3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
    CTRL left/right


4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
    CTRL E


5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
    CTRL A


6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
    CTRL Backspace


7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
    A shell is a program which actually processes commands and returns output. They manage foreground and background processes, command history, and command line editing. 
    A terminal refers to a wrapper program which runsa a shell


8. What is an absolute path?
    An absolute path is a path starting from the root directory /


9. What is an relative path?
    A relative path is the path of the current location


10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
    Flags can change and enhance commands and are added using a "-" after the command.
    Three examples are "ls -a", "ls -l", and "rm -rf"


11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
    The r flag remove directories and their contents recurisvely 
    The f flag removes without promping. It's a force removal
